School of IT Capstone 10.1P: Individual Retrospective Overview of the
Task Now that we are approaching the end of the unit, you need to
collect and present evidence of your achievements this trimester. As
with 5.1P, this task requires you to collect and present evidence on
your progress.

Steps Return to your 5.1P submission and update the achievements and
evidence to capture what you have now demonstrated in the unit. You want
to use this task to demonstrate your overall accomplishments from the
trimester, for any work still in progress indicate the work remaining
and how this will be completed by the end of the unit.

Update the two sections as follows:

Course Learning Outcomes Outline how you are progressing with each of
your course learning outcomes (CLOs). For SIT378/SIT782 you need to
demonstrate how your work shows achievement of all course learning
outcomes, whereas with SIT374/SIT764 you can indicate your progress on
demonstrating all outcomes and those you will need to work on in the
following unit.

SFIA Framework Skills Outline how you are demonstrating each of the SFIA
skills associated with your course (provided in the template). Use your
activities and contributions to present each skill in accordance with
the guidance notes provided for each skill. The guidance notes for each
skill are available on the SFIA website.

Evidence Update your evidence to include your additional achievements.
Where things are still a work in progress, you can outline the steps put
in place to ensure things are achieved before the end of the unit.

Complete the report template, save to PDF and upload to OnTrack.

NOTE: This is an individual task and you have to complete this task from
your personal perspective (and not treat it as part of group task --
this task is not a group assignment!). Copying parts of this task from
other students in your Team will be considered academic misconduct and
will be treated as such. 
