School of IT Capstone 10.2C: Responsible Team Member Achievements Report
Overview of the Task In 2.2C you agreed to be a responsible team member,
and how you could demonstrate this to achieve a credit or higher grade.
This task requires you to demonstrate how you are meeting these
expectations, and what is your accomplishment in making a lasting
technical contribution to your project team and company.

Guidance Following the submission of your "responsible team member"
contract and progress report (2.2C and 5.2C), you began and continued
working on your projects with your team(s). As per your plan, you have
been working towards the achievement of the project's objectives,
upskilling as necessary, and contributing to your project team(s).

Use this task to showcase your lasting technical contribution to the
company and showcase the IT knowledge and skills you have developed
across your studies. List your achievements and provide a clear and
concise description of each.

You may refer to things collected in your individual retrospective task
(10.1P). Please ensure that the evidence you include in the Pass Task
will support your claims associated with your lasting technical
contribution.

Steps Return to your 5.2C submission and extend this with your new
achievements. You want this to capture what you have now achieved in
this unit. Review the details of the contract in 2.2C and briefly
comment on each condition to indicate how your achievements demonstrate
you have been a responsible team member.

NOTE: This is an individual task and you have to complete this task from
your personal perspective (and not treat it as part of group task --
this task is not a group assignment!). Copying parts of this task from
other students in your Team will be considered academic misconduct and
will be treated as such. 
