School of IT Capstone 11.2: Project Handovers and Company Showcase
Overview of the Task We are now at the end of the trimester and each
company needs to showcase its achievements and prepare handover
documents to ensure that work will be able to continue quickly at the
start of the next trimester.

This task consists of two components: (1) Project Handovers and (2)
Company Showcase.

As a junior student (SIT374/SIT764), it is expected that you assist in
both components, where you help prepare the handover and ensure your
project is well represented in the showcase. Junior students should be
responsible for the project handovers to ensure they capture sufficient
details to enable them to progress the project the following trimester.

As a senior student (SIT378/SIT782), it is expected that you lead and
assist in both components, where you prepare the handover and ensure
your project is well represented in the showcase. Senior students should
take greater responsibility for the showcase, to demonstrate the
achievements they made in their senior trimester.

NOTE: This is a single submission for your Company. You will need to
work with your team to ensure that your achievements and progress are
captured in both the handover and showcase.

Steps This task continues from 6.1P in updating the company report for
the trimester.

Project Handovers Each team should update the final status of their
project. This should follow on from the mid- trimester update and
indicate what progress was made since that point, and what needs to be
done next.

Outline the following for each project:

• Project contributions -- update the project membership and the list of
key contributions and achievements of each project member. • Status and
health -- should this project continue or is it complete? How well
prepared are you to progress this next trimester? • Resources -- Make
sure that each project indicates where the important project resources
are, and any details needed to ensure that the company can progress this
next trimester.

This submission serves as the final checkpoint for the unit. Highlight
the key achievements of the team, and the members who contributed to
these achievements, and indicate aspects led by different team members.

Showcase Each company also needs to prepare showcase videos that
highlight key achievements for the trimester. There must be at least one
showcase video showing an overview of the company's achievements, but
additional videos can also be created to highlight the significant
achievements of individual teams. These additional videos can help team
members showcase their work and support their Panel Presentation in
demonstrating the achievement of the High Distinction criteria. Videos
should generally be no longer than 4 minutes and focus on showing the
achievements of the team. Demo things working, outline new designs, and
generally show off what you have achieved as a company!

Once videos are produced, the company needs to get these checked by the
Acting Director before publishing them for others to access. Ideally,
this is published somewhere on the company's website -- somewhere you
can show anyone. Hopefully, this will make this useful for things like
job applications and your CV.

The Company Report should be amended to include a list of the showcase
videos with links to enable others to view these.

You can find an example of the showcase video on CloudDeakin site of
this unit.

Submission When complete, the leadership team needs to convert the
company report to PDF and two representatives of the company will then
need to submit the document to OnTrack; one for the junior students and
another for the seniors. Please also have one member post up an
announcement in teams with the links to the videos and add a comment in
OnTrack with the links as well. 
