School of IT Capstone 2.1P: Company Objectives and Structure Overview of
the Task Each company needs to submit an overview of its structure,
projects, and company objectives for the trimester.

NOTE: This is a single submission for your Company. Most likely you do
not need to submit anything for this task. However, you need to work
with your team to make sure that your project is accurately reflected in
the submission.

The leadership team in the company will create a document that provides
details of the Company, its Objectives, and its Structure. They may ask
for your help in this, and if they do, please assist as best you can.

Each company will document:

    •    Company Objectives: the leadership team will have met with the board of the company
         to help define the goals for the trimester. This will provide the basis of the projects that
         you will be working on.
    •    Company Structure: this will outline the way teams are organised in the company, and
         the responsibilities and membership of each team.

Companies will also need to present their objectives in the classes in
week 4 -- both in the SIT374/SIT764 and the SIT378/SIT782 unit classes.
Junior students can focus on their experiences in onboarding into the
company, while Senior students can focus on the planned objectives.

Steps The leadership team will start to prepare the company report. They
will work with team leaders in the company to capture an overview of the
company structure, as well as the project details.

Ideally, this report should be in the company's central documentation
git repository. In this way, people can contribute to this in a way that
is easy to evidence for inclusion in their portfolios. Each team lead
can then add their section and do a pull request for it to be included
in the final submission.

Sample work and markdown templates are provided on OnTrack (under Task
Resources) along with this task sheet to prepare this document.

A single representative from the company will need to submit the
document to OnTrack.

Please note that if you copy your answers (either in full or partially)
from another student or any other (online) resource, this will be
considered as academic misconduct and we will investigate this
accordingly. Copying somebody else's work is also an example of
unprofessional behaviour, something that is not tolerated in the School
of Information Technology's capstone project units. 
