                   Deakin University


                 Capstone Team Project (B)
                      OnTrack Submission

Company Objectives and Structure

Submitted By: Tutor: Thomas Fleming Bahadorreza Ofoghi tjfleming

                         Group Members:




                        Produced by Doubtfire

s223271095 Arnav Ahuja ���� s222610226 Tam Lac Duong ��� s224247686
Mayank Matia ��� s224247443 Hardik Mittal ��� s223127405 Aryan Arora ���
s224247971 Yugam Aggarwal ��� s223412185 Varundeep Singh Varundeep Singh
��� s224244874 Ripudaman Thind ��� s222393187 Negin Pakroohjahromi ���
s222565342 Zainab Sulemana banda ��� s222176813 Sakina Naleem ���
jferrara Jonathan Ferrara ��� s223595726 Dingquan Li ��� s222266781
Alexander Lucas ��� s223299369 Shaogang Gao ��� pamum Pinyjwok Amum ���
s224385133 Jiayi Liu ��� s222565351 Mariam Sulemana Banda ����
s224244945 Vansh Kumar ��� s221538422 Van hieu Nguyen ��� s223274906
Gurmannat Sandhu ��� s223129023 Armaan Makkar ��� s224238456 Ishaan
Aggarwal ��� s223022515 Harshit - ��� s223288898 Baani Baani ���
s223183317 Arsheen kaur ��� s223136027 Alejandro Jara Infante ���
s224234138 Aditya Dua ��� s222622259 Yashica Bassi ��� s224350886
Agamveer Singh ��� s223386489 Jay Shrimpton ��� jhickman Jesse Alan
Hickman ��� tjfleming Thomas Fleming ����� mcsilva Mario Christopher
Silva ��� s222539911 Andrew Paull ���� erasguido Edson Rasguido ���
s218004319 Pooja Dissanayake ��� s224227027 Ahmad Chaudhry ����
s223083133 Jiaxin Lin ��� s224051213 Cher Supakovit ��� s224588035
Phongsin Jirapipattanaporn ��� s224303415 Van Tan Nguyen ��� s223870331
Sumedh Medicala ��� s223801983 Ishrath Ishrath ��� s223895562 Khushi
Choubey ��� s220090063 Truong Phuc Le ��� s220105594 Sathira
Hattanarachchige Don ��� s223182277 Isuru Wishwajith Perera
Warnakulasooriya Patabendige ��� s223693522 Deelaka Rathnayake ���
s223961009 Lakshay Lalia ��� s224143809 Nasif Kabir ��� s223231719
Ismail Sulaiman ��� s224028443 Aakash Sharma ��� s224068696 Albert
Julianto ���� dheenan Declan Sean Heenan ��� s222235123 Armin Hamedian 2
��� s222629834 Gurkirat Singh Gurkirat Singh ��� danaherb Bridget
Danaher ��� July 20, 2025

     3

InnovAIte SIT Capstone Project Company Objectives and Structure Report
2.1P 2025

                                     Page 1

Executive Summary We are InnovAIte, a new Capstone Company which aims to
trial and validate different AI tools and methods to find out how they
can be used to assist entrepreneurship programs Deakin is launching in
2026. Our mission this trimester is to understand how AI tools and
platforms can ease the startup development cycle in 2 ways, both by
significantly shortening the development cycle, and by limiting the
amount of technical expertise required.

This trimester we planned to perform in 2 phases. Phase 1 involved
familiarising ourselves with the different AI tools and developing an
understanding of each tool's capabilities. Phase 2 involved
demonstrating our understanding of the tools by applying our knowledge
to swiftly create small projects.

Leadership Team ● Acting Director: ● Product Owner: ● Industry Mentor:

Leadership Teams: ● Code Integration Leads ○ Jay Shrimpton ○ Pooja
Dissanayake

        ●    Comms Leads:
                ○ Thomas John Fleming
                ○ Ahmad Tahir Chaudhry
                ○ Albert Julianto
                ○ Vivada Thanudarie Lokugamage
                ○ Shreya Saravanan

        ●    Sprint Leads:
                 ○ Arnav Ahuja
                 ○ Andrew Paull
                 ○ Agam Agarwal
                 ○ Nishant Kamleshkumar Modh
                 ○ Sai Karthik Murari

Handover Video Link https://youtu.be/WPt6f4-sM4s GitHub Link
https://github.com/InnovAIte-Deakin GitLab Link
https://gitlab.deakin.edu.au/

                                                                                                       Page 2

Trimester Goals and Objectives InnovAIte operates with three core
functional areas (The Three C's): Code: Repository management and
technical integration Communication: Information flow and documentation
Coordination: Project planning and sprint management Students' skills in
each of these areas was demonstrated by contributing to the projects
and/or leadership team duties.

Leadership Duties Each of the three core functional areas have had a
leadership group which had responsibilities they were able to
demonstrate:

Code Integration Leads The Code Integration Leads managed the company
wide GitLab repository. They were also responsible for evaluating AI
coding tools, establishing best practices, integrating outputs from
multiple tools, and managing the handoff between AI-Generated Code and
human refinement. They were overall responsible for ensuring teams can
function efficiently and effectively.

Communications Leads The Comms Leads managed the communication between
the leadership team, and the rest of the company via posts on OnTrack.
They also managed the creation of the Company-wide OnTrack submissions.
They were overall responsible for ensuring everyone in the company
understands what they need to do for the upcoming week/s while also
communicating with certain members if needed.

Sprint Leads The Sprint Leads were responsible for handling the planning
of activities and tasks using Microsoft Planner. They were also
responsible for working out whether a usual Agile Sprint framework is
relevant for our company, or whether an adapted framework will work
better with our AI driven work.

                                                                                                        Page 3

AI Generalist Project

Overview, Goals, and Objectives

Project Overview: The project addresses the ongoing disruption in the
global job market caused by rapid AI adoption. Traditional and
entry-level roles are shrinking, while AI-related positions are booming.
This transformation demands actionable, sector-specific solutions for
both current professionals and future workforce entrants.

Motivation: A staggering 578% growth in AI roles, alongside a 73.3% drop
in entry-level and 35.5% decline in administrative roles, highlights a
major gap in workforce preparedness. This project seeks to fill that gap
by helping individuals and organizations adapt to the evolving AI
landscape.

Long-Term Goals:

    ●   Equip professionals in four key sectors (Healthcare & MedTech, Education & EdTech, E-commerce &
        FinTech, and Creative & Marketing Tech) with strategies to adapt to AI-driven changes.
    ●   Enable organisations and career advisors to guide and support workforce transition.
    ●   Contribute to a sustainable, future-ready workforce aligned with AI innovations.

Impact on Stakeholders:

    ●   Professionals: Gain insight and resources to transition roles or upskill with AI tools.
    ●   Graduates: Enter the workforce with AI-relevant knowledge and pathways.
    ●   Organisations: Support workforce transition and strategic upskilling.
    ●   HR & Career Counsellors: Access to practical frameworks and educational content.

Aims for Trimester

During this trimester, the project aims to:

    ●   Conduct deep research into role transformation within a chosen sector.
    ●   Evaluate and curate AI tools relevant to that sector.
    ●   Develop practical, instructional materials including interactive guides and video tutorials.
    ●   Create an actionable implementation toolkit tailored to real-world industry needs.
    ●   Foster collaboration, technical communication, and project management among students through
        team-based development.




                                                                                                         Page 4

Deliverables

Trimester Deliverables (Short-Term):

     1. Role Transformation Research Report
            ○ 15–20 existing roles analysed
            ○ AI impact and 8–10 emerging roles identified
            ○ Salary trends, market projections, and 3–5 case studies
            ○ ~5000 words with academic references
     2. AI Tools Directory & Evaluation
            ○ Sector-specific AI tools evaluated
            ○ Criteria: functionality, cost, learning curve, integration, ROI
            ○ Includes comparison matrix and implementation recommendations
     3. Interactive User Guide with Video Tutorials
            ○ 4 videos (5–10 mins): task automation, skill enhancement, role augmentation, specialisation
                pathways
            ○ Professional format, closed captions, accessible delivery
     4. Implementation Toolkit
            ○ 30–60 day roadmap
            ○ Skills gap tools, ethical/compliance guidelines, ROI calculator

Long-Term Deliverables:

     ●    Sector-specific, scalable guides to be used by professionals, graduates, and organisations for AI
          transition.
     ●    A digital platform or system (web app, LMS module, interactive PDF, etc.) to disseminate the
          materials.
     ●    A resource archive and toolkit that can potentially be adopted beyond the academic scope.
     ●    Deploy a website/share point link/a sharable notion document containing all the research and final
          project for everybody to access and make use of

Leaders

Communication Leads

- Albert Julianto

- RUBEN OOI

Coordination Leads

- Agam Agarwal

Stream Leads

- Adam Kabbara

Project Mentor - Scott West

Project Owner - Jesse McMeikan

                                                                                                        Page 5

List of Students

InnovAIte

222394951 YASIR ABDI InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

222612828 AGAM AGARWAL InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

222225013 ANDREI LANDAYAN ANGELES InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

223766823 RANUJA LAKDIW ATHTHIDIYA VIDANAGE InnovAIte Junior AI
RANASINGHE DON Generalist Program

223141055 TISA WALANGU BANDARA InnovAIte Junior AI MUDIYANSELAGE
Generalist SARINDU VIBHA Program

222248232 ADAM KABBARA InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

222401238 ARYAN NISHIT KUMAR InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

                                                                                   Page 6

222232204 ABDULLAH MOHAMED AZAD InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

223960951 RUBEN OOI InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

224238456 ISHAAN AGGARWAL InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

222629834 GURKIRAT SINGH InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

218325756 JESSE ALAN HICKMAN InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

223595726 DINGQUAN LI InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

223129023 ARMAAN MAKKAR InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

224247686 MAYANK MATIA InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

                                                                      Page 7

222176813 SAKINA NALEEM InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

222539911 ANDREW PAULL InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

217425643 MARIO CHRISTOPHER SILVA InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

223412185 VARUNDEEP SINGH InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

224763709 SANA BHAGAT InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

800545486 PAUL HIGHAM InnovAIte Junior AI Generalist Program

224249123 KARANSINH PARMAR InnovAIte Junior AI JIGNESHKUMAR Generalist
Program

223801983 ISHRATH InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

                                                                              Page 8

224588035 PHONGSIN JIRAPIPATTANAPORN InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist
Program

224068696 ALBERT JULIANTO InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

224143809 NASIF KABIR InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

223870331 SUMEDH MEDICALA InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

223693522 DEELAKA RATHNAYAKEGE InnovAIte Senior AI RATHNAYAKE Generalist
Program

224051213 CHER SUPAKOVIT InnovAIte Senior AI Generalist Program

223182277 ISURU WISHWAJITH WARNAKULASOORIYA InnovAIte Senior AI PERERA
PATABENDIGE Generalist Program

We are also further segregating project members into four major
industries to independently conduct a reproach on, an industry of their
own choosing from the following

- Healthcare & MedTech

- Education & EdTech

- E-commerce & FinTech

- Creative & Marketing Tech

                                                                                                        Page 9

  AI Prototyping Lab Project Objectives Overview, Goals, and Objectives
  The AI Prototyping Lab investigates how AI tools can be used to speed
  up development for low-tech teams by trialling a wide variety of
  tools. This is achieved through the rapid development of small
  AI-powered and AI-developed tools, applications and programs.

The long term goal is to develop tools and strategies to allow internal
and external stakeholders to procure talent and knowledge from the
Deakin Innovation team.

Aims for Trimester ● Clarify what the product owner (Jesse McMeikan)
desires from the AI Prototyping Lab team this trimester ● Have a more
clean organisation of code, reports and videos to allow future capstone
students or other interested parties clear access to our previous
findings and work. ● Complete the NoCodeJam website, ensure it has the
following functionality: ○ An Onboarding Section that future juniors can
do to get an initial basic understanding of the important tools and how
they can be used. ○ Challenges that allow the team to run
mini-hackathons. These will then allow us to improve our understanding
of using these tools as well as find effective strategies to overcome
certain challenges/problems that arise. ● Investigate the use of AI
Tools to assist in various different industries, including Healthcare,
Education, E-Commerce and Creative Marketing.

Deliverables Long-term Deliverables:

    ●   A varied assortment of resources to allow interested parties clear and accurate information and
        strategies on various AI Tools.
    ●   Multiple websites (InnovAIte Website, NoCodeJam etc.).
    ●   A wide array of people with expert knowledge on using AI in efficient and effective ways.

Trimester Deliverables:

    ●   NoCodeJam website with both Onboarding functionality and challenges functionality.
    ●   A clean and easily navigable GitHub repository.
    ●   A sorted out YouTube Channel with clearer insights into different tools.
    ●   Multiple MVP’s to test various real world use cases.




                                                                                                   Page 10

Project Members Name Stream Leadership Role (In AI Prototyping Lab)
Ahmad Tahir Chaudry NoCodeJam and Entering Stream Lead Challenges Thomas
Fleming NoCodeJam and Entering Challenges

           Matt Hogan            NoCodeJam and Entering
                                      Challenges
      Dev Chintanbhai Shah       NoCodeJam and Entering
                                      Challenges


           Piny Amum             NoCodeJam and Entering
                                      Challenges
        Pooja Dissanayake        NoCodeJam and Entering          Code Integration Lead
                                      Challenges
     Anoop Kashyap Pradeep        E-commerce & FinTech

       Ben Savio Fernandez        E-commerce & FinTech
       Mohammed Hashim            E-commerce & FinTech


        Ismail Sulaiman           E-commerce & FinTech                Steam Lead
       Maruf Hasan Taposh         E-commerce & FinTech


         Aakash Sharma            E-commerce & FinTech


         Anshul Kadyan             Education & EdTech                Admin Lead


                                    Education & Edtech               Scrum Master
      Sai Kumar Chodavarapu

      Reni Anna Abraham             Education & Edtech               Stream Lead

Muzzammil Hassan Abedi Syed Education & Edtech

          Gordon Gao             Creative & Marketing Tech

Anantha Sai Phani Teja Peri Creative & Marketing Tech Stream Lead

           David Bong            Creative & Marketing Tech


           Regina Liu            Creative & Marketing Tech

     Busayo Labake Oladejo         Healthcare & Medtech              Stream Lead
                                                                 Product Owner Liaison

                                                                                         Page 11

Chukwuwike Jake Ashibuogwu Healthcare & Medtech

       Robert Lancaster-Scott      Healthcare & Medtech

          Romil Bijarnia              No Responses


             Zehong Li                No Responses


           Sora Toffahah              No Responses


               Baani                  No Responses

          Alexander Lucas             No Responses


          Sarvajeet Patel             No Responses


           Lakshay Lalia              No Responses


    Anand Bhupathi Medarametla        No Responses

Current leads: Ismail Sulaiman, Ahmad Tahir Chaudry, Busayo Labake
Oladejo, Reni Anna Abraham, Anantha Sai Phani Teja Peri, Pooja
Dissanyake, Sai Kumar Chodavarapu, Anshul Kadyan.

                                                                                         Page 12

Artificial Assessment Intelligence for Educators (AAIE)

Project Summary The Artificial Assessment Intelligence for Educators
(AAIE) project is a long-term, multi-trimester initiative under the
InnovAIte capstone company at Deakin University. Its goal is to develop
educator-focused AI tools for assessment, academic integrity, and
feedback generation using domain-specific Large Language Models (LLMs).
The project supports Deakin's future integration of AI into LMS
platforms like CloudDeakin and OnTrack.

AAIE is organized into three sub-project teams that collaborate closely:

       1. Data Curation & Generation
       2. LLM Prototyping & Training
       3. Product Design & Engineering

Trimester Goals and Objectives (T2 2025) ● Deliver a standalone MVP that
connects frontend interface with backend model APIs ● Fine-tune MiniLLMs
for content classification and feedback generation ● Curate
ethics-compliant academic datasets ● Define assessment scenarios and
benchmark rubrics ● Run educator testing and feedback cycles ● Ensure
reproducibility, explainability, and integration readiness

                                                                                          Page 13

Deliverables The AAIE project is structured into three coordinated
sub-project teams in which each team plans to provide the following:

1.  Data Curation & Generation Responsible for creating scalable,
    diverse, and ethics-safe datasets used by other sub-projects for
    training and evaluation.

T2 2025 Aims: ● Curate 1000+ academic prompts and public rubrics ●
Generate synthetic and human-style submissions ● Annotate 1000+
feedback-rich examples ● Create 500+ revision chains to simulate AI-use
workflows ● Build ethics-compliant dataset pipeline Deliverables: ●
Reproducible Python-based pipeline ● JSON/CSV schema definitions and
metadata templates ● Classifier dataset (labelled AI vs Human) ●
Feedback dataset with rubric-based annotations ● QA tools to detect
duplicates and ensure rubric alignment

2.  LLM Prototyping & Training Focuses on building lightweight,
    transparent MiniLLMs (e.g., nanoGPT, TinyLLaMA) for detecting
    AI-generated content and generating rubric-aligned, editable
    feedback.

T2 2025 Aims: ● Fine-tune MiniLLMs on synthetic educational datasets ●
Develop custom tokenizer pipelines ● Train classifiers and feedback
generators ● Expose FastAPI endpoints for integration ● Ensure
explainability via token-level attribution Deliverables: ●
PyTorch/HuggingFace training pipelines ● Tokenizer configs and vocab
formats ● Model APIs for inference and explanation ● Evaluation metrics:
BLEU, F1, perplexity ● GitHub documentation and Postman schema tests
Page 14  3. Product Design & Engineering This sub-project is responsible
for building the educator-facing UI and full-stack MVP platform. This
trimester the team is focused to build a standalone interface, with a
plan to integrate with Deakin services from the upcoming trimesters.

T2 2025 Aims:

         ● Design user flows for upload-detect-feedback cycle
         ● Create use cases and task benchmarks
         ● Develop lightweight frontend interface using modern frameworks
         ● Integrate detection/feedback APIs into UI
         ● Gather real educator feedback through pilot testing

Deliverables:

         ●   Educator personas and assessment scenarios
         ●   Benchmark rubrics and synthetic datasets
         ●   Frontend UI for upload, results, and editable feedback
         ●   API integrations (mock and live)
         ●   End-to-end MVP with error handling and test cases
         ●   Technical documentation, GitLab versioning, and flowcharts

Project Members

                                                                                       Page 15

AI Organisational Design Project Objectives Overview, Goals, and
Objectives The AI Organisational Design project investigates how
artificial intelligence can improve organisational workflows, including
knowledge management, decision-making, and collaboration. The motivation
behind the project is to design responsible and sustainable ways for
businesses to adopt AI-powered tools that enhance productivity and
efficiency.

The long-term goal is to propose frameworks and prototype tools that
help organisations work smarter.

Aims for Trimester - Clarify the problem statement and define success
criteria with the Product Owner (PO). - Research and evaluate current
organisational tools and identify gaps. - Begin designing and
prototyping an AI-enhanced planning tool. - Document ethical and
practical considerations of using AI in workplaces.

Deliverables Long-term Deliverables:

    - A validated framework for responsible AI integration in organisational workflows.
    - A functional prototype of an AI-powered planning tool.
    - Final recommendations and documentation.

Trimester Deliverables:

    - Defined problem statement and project plan.
    - Research findings on existing tools.
    - Sprint 1 and Sprint 2 outputs: initial prototype versions.
    - Final report, GitHub repository, presentation materials.




                                                                                                Page 16

Project Members Name Role Responsibilities

SOVATANAK VICHEA CHIN Scrum Master Organise task board, track progress,
facilitate stand-ups NISHANT KAMLESHKUMAR Team Member to be determined M

    ARMIN HAMEDIAN           Team Member                        to be determined

    DANIDU THEJAS            Team Member                        to be determined

KARUNARATHNE HETTI

        DANIEL LE         Code Integration Lead    Set up/manage GitHub repo, review code,
                                                              technical oversight
     JAY SHRIMPTON        Team Member                          to be determined

MARIAM SULEMANA BANDA Product Owner Liaison Liaise with PO, schedule PO
meetings, provide updates MINH NGUYEN Team Member to be determined
JONATHAN FERRARA Team Member to be determined

      KRIS NGUYEN            Team Member                        to be determined

VANSH VANSH KUMAR Team Member to be determined

SATH HATTANARACHCHIGE Team Member to be determined

DEVENDRA REDDY BAKKA Team Member to be determined

Current leads: MARIAM SULEMANA BANDA, DANIEL LE, SOVATANAK VICHEA CHIN

                                                                                       Page 17

Venture Pipeline Management System Project Objectives Overview, Goals,
and Objectives This project focuses on creating a system to help Mekong
Inclusive Ventures (MIV) track and manage the progress of early-stage
businesses (ventures) they support. MIV guides these ventures through
key steps like assessment, preparation for funding, and connecting them
with capital. The new system will help organize and monitor these
activities in one place.

Our long-term goal is to create an easy-to-use and affordable tool that
helps MIV track and support inclusive ventures from onboarding to
investment. This tool will enable clear visibility of progress, impact
data, and GEDSI (Gender Equality, Disability, and Social Inclusion)
insights across teams and stakeholders, without requiring advanced
technical skills. The tool also will also have the potential to
integrate with AI-powered features to align with broader innovation
efforts and enhance functionality.

Aims for Trimester

    ●    Research and assess potential platforms for a venture pipeline management system.
    ●    Compare tools based on usability, cost, scalability and integration options
    ●    Design and prototype a proposed solution using Figma to map user flows and system features.
    ●    Build an initial MVP using sample MIV venture data, focusing on core features like venture intake,
         progress tracking, and document management.
    ●    Ensure the solution is accessible and intuitive for non-technical users

Deliverables Long-term Deliverables:

    ●    A comprehensive venture pipeline management system supporting key processes and GEDSI integration.
    ●    A prototype including core modules like intake, readiness assessment, document management, and capital
         tracking.
    ●    Seamless integration with productivity and collaboration tools.
    ●    Scalable bilingual solution tailored for MIV’s regional impact.

Trimester Deliverables:

    - Defined problem statement and project plan.
    - Research findings on existing tools.
    - Sprint 1 and Sprint 2 outputs: initial prototype versions.
    - Final report, GitHub repository, presentation materials.




                                                                                                            Page 18

Project Members

             Name                        Role                             Responsibilities

           Aditya Dua                Team Member                           to be determined

      Alejandro Jara Infante         Team Member                           to be determined


           Ari Warren              UI/UX stream lead      managing the work and delegating for the UI/UX stream

         Bridget Danaher             Team Member                           to be determined


          Hardik Mittal            Co-ordination Lead      managing the PM board, MS teams chat and channel,
                                                                writing meeting agendas and takeaways
             Harshit                 Team Member                           to be determined
            Jiaxin Lin               Team Member                           to be determined

        Ripudaman Thind           Code Integration Lead     managing the repository, being the go to person for
                                                              technical questions, and organising the code
       Sanjana Binte Alam          Co-ordination Lead      managing the PM board, MS teams chat and channel,
                                                                writing meeting agendas and takeaways
        Sai Karthik Murari         Co-ordination Lead      managing the PM board, MS teams chat and channel,
                                                                writing meeting agendas and takeaways
        Shreya Saravanan          Communication Lead      organising PO meetings and keeping them informed per
                                                           week, updating CD and leadership team in meetings,
                                                                        managing the group chats
    Zainab Bashar Ali Alameer        Team Member                           to be determined

Current leads: Ari Warren, Hardik Mittal, Ripudaman Thind, Sai Karthik
Murari, Sanjana Binte Alam, Shreya Saravanan

                                                                                                        Page 19

AI-Assisted Navigation Device Project Objectives

The AI-Assisted Navigation Device project is a collaboration between
InnovAIte and Mekong Inclusive Ventures (MIV), a Cambodia-based NGO
dedicated to supporting inclusive ventures through tailored diagnostics,
bilingual learning tools, and capital readiness support. The device
specifically targets accessibility challenges encountered by individuals
with visual impairments, cognitive processing differences, and mobility
limitations.

Initially inspired by emerging assistive solutions like SeekR, the
project's primary objective is to create an AI-driven navigation aid
that significantly improves environmental awareness, obstacle detection,
and wayfinding. This device will utilize advanced sensor technology,
providing real-time auditory or haptic feedback to users to help
identify landmarks, navigate accessible routes, and safely avoid
obstacles.

The overarching goal is to ensure the developed technology aligns with
universal design principles, ensuring scalability, practical usability,
and ethical standards of data privacy and user autonomy. The project
seeks to impact a broad group of stakeholders including individuals with
disabilities, inclusive entrepreneurship organisations, advocacy groups,
and regional policymakers committed to inclusive digital innovations and
accessibility equity.

Aims for the Trimester

    ●   Research and assess current accessibility barriers encountered by students and staff with disabilities on
        Deakin campus
    ●   Assess potential ethical concerns such as data privacy, consent management, and user autonomy
    ●   Conduct thorough investigations into suitable non-camera sensor technology
    ●   Draft an initial user manual and design guide detailing operational functionality and user accessibility
    ●   Design a prototype of an AI-assisted navigation device

Deliverables Long Term Deliverables: ● Develop a functional
proof-of-concept using AI for obstacle detection and wayfinding ●
Integrated sensor-based navigation solution which provides accurate,
real-time environmental feedback to users. ● Advanced user interface
options including auditory and haptic feedback. ● Device usability
across a broad spectrum of user needs and conditions.

Trimester Deliverables: ● Conduct accessibility barrier research and
user feedback sessions ● Identify potential technical or ethical
limitations and recommended strategies ● Define and create initial
architecture diagrams and system workflows. ● Sprint 1 and Sprint 2
outputs: initial prototype versions. ● Final report, GitHub repository,
presentation materials.

                                                                                                         Page 20

Project Members

           Name                            Role                      Responsibilities

                                                         Defines product vision, ensures alignment
                               Product Owner (Mekong
           Ian Jones                                     with organisational goals and accessibility
                                  Inclusive Ventures)
                                                                          standards.
                                                            Provides technical oversight, ethical
                                 Mentor / Academic
      Jayamini De Silva                                       guidance, and supports milestone
                                      Supervisor
                                                                         evaluation.
                                                            Provides technical oversight, ethical
                                 Mentor / Academic
       Morgaine Barter                                        guidance, and supports milestone
                                      Supervisor
                                                                         evaluation.
                                                           Liaise with PO, schedule PO meetings,
                               Junior, Communications        provide updates, updating CD and
        Anish Bansal
                                         Lead             leadership team in meetings, submitting
                                                                       company report
                                                          managing the PM board, MS teams chat

Yashpreetsingh Narayansingh Junior, Co-ordinations Lead and channel,
writing meeting agendas and Kalra takeaways managing the PM board, MS
teams chat Vivada Thanudarie Lokugamage Junior, Co-ordination Lead and
channel, writing meeting agendas and takeaways Senior, Code Integration
Set up/manage GitHub repo, review and Hayes Duong Lead organize code,
provide technical oversight Sonu Chaudhary Junior, Team Member to be
determined to be determined Dau Duot Atem Junior, Team Member Thrrymund
Palany Junior, Team Member to be determined to be determined Milad
Saadoon Junior, Team Member to be determined Gurmannat Sandhu Senior,
Team Member to be determined Agamveer Singh Senior, Team Member to be
determined Zainab Sulemana Banda Senior, Team Member to be determined
Hirusha Rukmal Hewageeganage Junior, Team Member Tolani Ridmini
Weerasinghe to be determined Junior, Team Member Kandanpita Gamladdalage
to be determined Vanshika Kaul Junior, Team Member

                                                                                           Page 21

to be determined Ayaanulla Khan Junior, Team Member to be determined
Ritika Maikap Junior, Team Member to be determined Atharva Santosh
Mavale Junior, Team Member to be determined Gokulakrishnan Saravanan
Junior, Team Member to be determined Ratnesh Kumar Tiwary Junior, Team
Member to be determined Chee Yu Koh Senior, Team Member

Current Leads: Vivada Thanudarie Lokugamage, Yashpreetsingh Narayansingh
Kalra, Anish Bansal, Hayes Duong

                                                                                          Page 22


