School of IT Capstone 2.2C: Responsible Team Member Contract Overview of
the Task To achieve a Credit grade, you need to demonstrate that you are
meeting the credit level criteria from the assessment rubric. In
general, this is captured by the following statement:

         At this level, you will be building the pieces that your team need to complete
         the puzzle. You work at this level if you are a responsible team member. You
         complete work assigned to you within the timeframe you have been given and
         to an acceptable standard.

Download the task resources from OnTrack, and extract the template. This
contains a short contract that outlines the expectations for this grade.
Please update the Plan paragraph to outline what you plan to contribute
this trimester, and then read, name and sign the contract and upload it
to OnTrack.

Guidance Since you have been added to your company, you have
communicated with your leadership team members and your project team
members. You have discussed your current skills and areas where you wish
to upskill to contribute to your company and project team. In the
capstone program, you are required to demonstrate the capabilities
gained through your course, while preparing to graduate. You should
therefore have a clear plan of your activities during this trimester in
the capstone program.

You should make sure you have a clear plan for what you aim to achieve
this trimester. Think about the activities you intend to participate in,
how you will contribute to your company and project team(s), and how the
knowledge and skills you have developed across your course can be
utilised. Make sure to consider your company's objectives and goals.

This "Credit" level requires you to be able to clearly demonstrate that
you have made a lasting technical contribution to your project team and
company. A "lasting technical contribution" needs to be something that
will have ongoing value to the company, something tangible and clearly
identifiable, and significant at the company level. To claim this as
your lasting contribution, you need to have clear evidence that shows
you were primarily responsible for the creation of this contribution. A
git commit log, or similar, is a great source of evidence alongside task
completions in your company's project management tools (eg. Trello or
Planner). Keep this in mind as you work during the trimester.

Steps Download the task resources from OnTrack, and extract the template
for your task. Complete the task, save it to PDF and upload it to
OnTrack.

NOTE: This is an individual task and you have to complete this task from
your personal perspective (and not treat it as part of group task --
this task is not a group assignment!). Copying parts of this task from
other students in your Team will be considered academic misconduct and
will be treated as such. 
