School of IT Capstone 5.1P: Individual Retrospective Overview of the
Task The capstone program provides you with an opportunity to showcase
the capabilities you have developed across your studies. At this point
you should have started working on your projects with your teams and
have some accomplishments to demonstrate your progress. This task
requires you to collect and present evidence on your progress so far.
This will give you an opportunity to receive feedback on your work and
to make sure you are on track to achieve the most you can from this
experience.

Steps Download the task resources from OnTrack, find the template of
your course for your reflection and a copy of the assessment rubric.
With the rubric as a guide, please reflect on your accomplishments so
far and how these demonstrate your achievement of your degree's course
learning outcomes and associated skills (SFIA Framework). The document
will have three sections:

Course Learning Outcomes Outline how you are progressing with each of
your course learning outcomes (CLOs). Use your achievements to
demonstrate each of your CLOs as indicated in the template. Note any
outcomes that you are focusing on developing or demonstrating.

SFIA Framework Skills Give a brief description of how you are
progressing with the demonstration of each of the skills associated with
your course (provided in the template). Use your activities and
contributions to present each skill in accordance with the guidance
notes provided for each skill. The guidance notes for each skill are
available on the SFIA website.

Evidence Include evidence of your contributions to the project and team
in appendix as described in the template. Make sure to include: • The
title of the evidence -- so that we can easily identify which piece of
evidence you are describing. • One or two sentences on why you have
included this evidence. What makes it worth including in your portfolio?
• Your role in the production of this work. • Name or other groups of
people who helped you produce this work (if appropriate).

Complete the report template, save to PDF and upload to OnTrack.

NOTE: This is an individual task and you have to complete this task from
your personal perspective (and not treat it as part of group task --
this task is not a group assignment!). Copying parts of this task from
other students in your Team will be considered academic misconduct and
will be treated as such. 
