School of IT Capstone 5.2C: Responsible Team Member Progress Report
Overview of the Task In 2.2C you agreed to be a responsible team member,
and how you could demonstrate this to achieve a credit or higher grade.
In this task, you need to demonstrate how you are meeting those
expectations, and how you are progressing in making a lasting technical
contribution to your project team and company.

Guidance Following the submission of your "responsible team member
contract" (2.2C), you began working on your projects with your team(s).
As per your plan, you have been working towards the achievement of the
project's objectives, upskilling as necessary, and contributing to your
project team(s).

In this task, you need to provide an update on your progress in relation
to your lasting technical contribution. Describe the things you have
already achieved, as well as activities currently in progress.

You may refer to things collected in your individual retrospective task
(5.1P). Please ensure that the evidence you include in the Pass Task
will support your claims associated with your lasting technical
contribution.

Steps Download the task resources from OnTrack, and extract the template
for your task. Complete the task, save it to PDF and upload both the
progress report (as PDF) to OnTrack.

NOTE: This is an individual task and you have to complete this task from
your personal perspective (and not treat it as part of group task --
this task is not a group assignment!). Copying parts of this task from
other students in your Team will be considered academic misconduct and
will be treated as such. 
