School of IT Capstone 6.1P: Company Progress Report Overview of the Task
Each company needs to submit a brief update on how projects are
progressing and forecast the likely state of these projects by the end
of the trimester.

NOTE: This is a single submission for your Company. You will need to
provide input into this report to highlight the key achievements that
you have made to each of the teams you are a part of.

All teams have been working towards their own project goals. The aim of
this task is for all teams to come together and provide an update at the
Company level, about how each Team is progressing on their deliverables,
any changes to deliverables, and any modifications / updates to the
original objectives and structure of the Company.

Steps The leadership team will prepare an update to the company report.
They will work with team leaders in the company to capture project
progress and update the company structure as necessary.

The leaders will need to:

    •    Update the company report from 2.3P
            o Add descriptions of progress to each project
            o Indicate any changes to plans for the project.
            o Update team project membership and list key achievements of each team
                member within the project
    •    Ensure that the Acting Director is aware of the progress of each project.

The updates should be brief and high-level -- providing a summary, not a
detailed description. This submission serves as a checkpoint, indicating
how things are progressing at the mid- point in the trimester.

Ideally, this report should be a markdown document in the company's
central documentation git repository. In this way, people can contribute
to this in a way that is easy to evidence for inclusion in their
portfolios. Each team lead can then update their section and do a pull
request for it to be included in the final submission.

When complete, one member of the leadership team needs to convert the
company report to PDF and submit to OnTrack. Two representatives of the
company will need to submit the document to OnTrack, one for the junior
students and another for the seniors.

Please note that if you copy your answers (either in full or partially)
from another student or any other (online) resource, this will be
considered as academic misconduct and we will investigate this
accordingly. Copying somebody else's work is also an example of
unprofessional behaviour, something that is not tolerated in the School
of Information Technology's capstone project units. 
